fix: update the switchToTestnet mdx (#340)
nervosnetwork/docs.nervos.org: website/docs/dapp/_SwitchToTestnet.mdx

So now your dApp works great on the local blockchain, you might want to switch it to different environments like Testnet and Mainnet.

> To do that, just changes the environments variable `NETWORK`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do that, just change the environment variable `NETWORK` to `testnet`:
```

```sh

> NETWORK=testnet yarn start

Reviewer: Should we move `yarn start` to a new line (or we can just delete that)

Author: in that case, it should be `export NETWORK=testnet`?

```

> For more details, check out the [README.md](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/docs.nervos.org/blob/develop/examples/simple-transfer/README.md).

Reviewer: we might need to define a variable, so that the README will lead to the corresponding examples (currently all 4 tutorials will go to 'transfer-ckb').
Or, we can remove this sentence as the contents are not updated yet.

Author: yeah I will add one
